[Autogenerated] Hello and welcome to my cause on avoiding code
with aws TKO deploy first a little bit about May.
My name's Joshua Edwards and the vice president of
Engineering I Blockchain n Cryptocurrency focus business of
previously being the head of devils.
And I've used codedeploy on a day to day basis for all my career.
I've worked in the Gulf class based startup space and also for Tier
one consultants is this has allowed me to deliver fully automated and
secure environment inside of eight of us.
If you Lima course have any questions, I just want to say hi.
Please feel free to reach out to me on Twitter.
My user name is at Joshua G.
Edwards. Okay, Less Jim right in.